UPGRADING GNOME SlackBuild
--------------------------

NOTE:  GNOME SlackBuild GNOME 2.22.1 is designed and built for Slackware 12.1.  
It will not work on Slackware 12.0 or earlier releases.

If you are a user of Slackware 12.0, you must upgrade first to Slackware 12.1.  
You can find full instructions on how to upgrade by reading the Slackware 12.1 UPGRADE.TXT.
    
This document then is mainly aimed at those users who were running Slackware 12.0 and 
GNOME SlackBuild 2.20 and are upgrading their systems rather than installing fresh.  
If you are a new-comer to GNOME SlackBuild, and running Slackware 12.1, please see our 
Download page for a full set of instructions.  

The upgrade should be smooth for those users of GSB 2.20. Make sure your slapt-getrc is
pointing to the latest Slackware 12.1 and GSB stable repository.  For a list of mirrors,
please see our README.  

Be sure to log off all GNOME sessions and make sure X isn't running.  You'll need an internet
connection to install GSB.

If you are upgrading from GNOME SlackBuild 2.20, then there are a few things to note:

Deprecated Packages
-------------------
   1. You'll have to remove the gnome-volume-manager, as it has been replaced 
      by gvfs.  If you use slapt-get, you'll see a conflict warning. 

   2. Our compiz-fusion package is no longer supplied.  Slackware 12.1 compiz package
      should be used.  We continue to supply compiz-fusion plugins and GNOME integration.
      You can remove any compiz-fusion GSB package and install the standard Slackware compiz
      package.

   3. libmusicbrainz: Slackware no longer offers libmusicbrainz, but Sound-juicer 
      and Rhythmbox still use it, so we have begun to offer the package now.

   4. XML-Simple: This package can be removed.  Slackware offers xml-simple in the 
      perl package.  If you do remove XML-Simple, please remember to do a: 

      $ removepkg XML-Simple
      $ slapt-get --install  --reinstall perl

      This will make sure you have the latest and up-to-date perl package.

   5. util-linux-ng: The new hal package with Slackware requires the change from 
      util-linux to util-linux-ng.  You must replace util-linux with util-linux-ng 
      in order to use HAL automounting with GSB.  Pat recommends the following:

      $ slapt-get --install util-linux-ng
      $ removepkg util-linux
      $ slapt-get --install util-linux-ng

      Install, remove, and then reinstall again.  I include this as a note, as it may catch 
      a few people off guard when doing the upgrade.

Packages No Longer Supplied by GNOME SlackBuild
------------------------------------------------
It's suggested you remove these with removepkg, and the use slapt-get to reinstall the 
standard Slackware packages.  (Particularly gtk+2) 

NOTE 1: We no longer offer a patched openldap package, but provide an evo-openldap package which 
will not conflict with openldap.  This evo-openldap is used by Evolution for NTLM.

NOTE 2: GSB package Pyrex is now replaced by Slackware's pyrex package.

    The following GSB packages can be removed and replaced by the corresponding 
    Slackware 12.1 version:
 
    $ removepkg Pyrex gtk+2 libgpod pango pygtk bluez-libs icon-naming-utils poppler shared-mime-info 
    bluez-utils libcddb poppler-data tango-icon-theme dbus-glib libcdio libmtp wavpack 
    gnome-icon-theme openldap-client pygobject fuse wpa_supplicant dbus-python XML-Simple

Now re-install the above from the Slackware repository.

    $ slapt-get --install --reinstall gtk+2 libgpod pango pygtk bluez-libs icon-naming-utils 
      poppler shared-mime-info bluez-utils libcddb poppler-data tango-icon-theme dbus-glib 
      libcdio libmtp wavpack gnome-icon-theme openldap-client pygobject fuse wpa_supplicant 
      dbus-python pyrex

Upgrading GNOME SlackBuild
----------------------------
The upgrade should be smooth for those users of GSB 2.20. Make sure your slapt-getrc is
pointing to the latest Slackware 12.1 and GSB stable repository.  For a list of mirrors,
please see our README.

  $ slapt-get --update

It may be convenient first to download all upgradable packages before installing.

  $ slapt-get --upgrade -d

This will download all the packages first. You may need up to 500MB of free space in your
/var directory.  After the download is finished, you can proceed to upgrade GSB.

It is recommended that you first drop to single-user mode:
  $ telinit 1
  $ slapt-get --upgrade

Please make sure to reboot your machine after upgrading all your packages.

Questions, Comments and Support
-------------------------------

Do one of the following:
  * Visit <http://gnomeslackbuild.org/support/> for FAQs and other helpfull
    resources, or <http://dev.gnomeslackbuild.org/> to log bugs or make
    feature requests.

  * Join the GSB User Discussion Mailing List and ask questions (you must be
    subscribed to the mailing list in order to post messages).

  * Join the #gsb IRC channel on irc.freenode.net and ask questions.

For bug reports and feature requests, please log an issue with our issue
tracker which is frequently checked by all developers.  We will try our best to
solve any issues that come up!

The mailing list is the easiest and preferred method of contact for support
type issues - it allows us to keep an archive of questions and answers.

On IRC, we may appear to be always online, but we're frequently away from the
console and you may not recieve an answer for while.  But stick around since
we'll always give a reply, eventually  :)

Hope you enjoy GNOME SlackBuild!

-= The GNOME SlackBuild Developement Team =-

